Melancholy Kitchen

Your profile and your hair color,
I saw them side by side on a quiet table
Within a slightly bland potato,
Within pasta with too much salt...

In the depths of nights without you there,
I saw my own detestable smallness
Within worthless quarrels and tears,
Within that foolishly smiling face...

I'm alone in the kitchen, with still curtains;
I can't say, I can't say it,
I can't say I'm fine all alone
Let's talk, speak up, about our bright future;
So even if I mess up and freeze it, you'll be there for me...

Laugh, laugh, laugh, just like that;
Like a spell's been cast, we'll make the world anew
And the shroud of uncurable gloom in this room,
You chewed on it like it was tasty, and gulped it down...

And well, just how much you've saved me, maybe you wouldn't know...
If and when we meet tomorrow, I hope I can be honest then...

Your cheeks and the bridge of your nose,
Now I see them side by side on a quiet table
Sweet cherry bonbon left in the room,
And a forcibly-baked Tarte Tatin...

A tensed-up kitchen, a timer with a dead battery;
I can't say, I can't say it,
I can't say I've come to hate you
Let's talk, speak up, about both our thoughts;
So I can speak to you witrhout getting embarrassed...

Laugh, laugh, laugh, just like that;
It's like a world where we've finally been granted freedom
Scooping out the first mouthful of the prepared food,
You happily blew and offered it to me...

And well, just how much you've saved me, even if you do happen to know...
If and when we meet tomorrow, I hope I can put it into words...

Once more!

Laugh, laugh, laugh, just like that;
Like a spell's been cast, we'll make the world anew
And the shroud of uncurable gloom in this room,
You chewed on it like it was tasty, and gulped it down...

And well, just how much you've saved me, maybe you wouldn't know...
If and when we meet tomorrow, I hope I can be honest then

* NOTE: The Nico link goes to a crossfade of Kenshi Yonezu's YANKEE. The song is currently only available on YANKEE. *