In the sinking town, the dissolving girl
While slightly doing up her hair, smiled with a bored look...

	That dissolving girl melting into the sinking streets
	Always slightly did up her hair, and smiled with a seemingly bored look...

Before I can't remember anymore, I wanted to say "come play with me,"
And at last I can't say it anymore, because she went away...

	Before I can no longer remember, I wanted to say "come play with me,"
	And at last I can't say it anymore, because she disappeared...

I was born with these emotions;
But by the time I noticed, you were nowhere to be found...
With nowhere to turn, I fall into the night...
This place was made from connecting moments,
The tiny gap between past and future, Karma City
You leave the town, and fade away...

I certainly longed for the present, and what I got in the end
Wasn't the present I wanted, but something different colored like the past...

	I tried to grab the present, and what I held in my hand
	Wasn't the present I tried to grab, but a different present...

Once again, like always, she's slipping through people's fingers,
Always on her own, singing as if in resignation...

	Like always, she's slipping right through people's fingers,
	Always by herself, crying as if in resignation...

The ones who fight laugh at her, because she sings non-fighting songs...

	The ones who fight laugh at her, because she sings non-fighting songs...

Sitting up on those street lights,
You rode the light and looked down at the town - what irony...
The wind blows at your skirt...
This place brought ruin to eternity,
A definite gap between living and dead, Karma City
You leave the town, and fade away...

I was born with these emotions;
But by the time I noticed, you were nowhere to be found...
With nowhere to turn, I sink into the night...
This place was made from connecting moments,
The tiny gap between past and future, Karma City
You leave the town, and fade away...

Fade away...

* NOTE: The Nico link goes to a crossfade of Kenshi Yonezu's YANKEE. The song is currently only available on YANKEE. *