Donut Hole

When did I get these memories,
These big ones I can't remember?
Out of what I just can't recall,
There's one thing I remember pretty well

Try one more time, a hundred times,
All I remember is your face
And yet you yourself, I'm not sure why,
But I still can't remember you...

The belt line wraps the globe,
Going 'round to chase the morning sun
But we don't need to run its rails:
We follow our desire, and chase the night

Try one more time, a thousand times,
All I remember is your face
Light rain settles on my eyelids,
And I still can't hear that dead, dark voice...

Not knowing anything at all,
Well, that won't hurt you - will it?
It makes me unable to sleep even still,
And if you found out, I bet you'd laugh...

When I'd try to count all the simple feelings,
I'd find I forgot even the warmth you shared with me
Goodbye, and we'll never, ever meet again;
That's just what feeling I get, that's just what I thought...
I can't smile wide, I'm stuck, there's nothing I can do...

It's like the hole in a donut:
Just like you can't isolate the hole,
Proving you were really here
Is something I can never do

Try one more time, a hundred times,
All I remember is your face
One more night I sleep,
Body wedged between the blanket and bed...

If there really were thoughts that never die,
Would that give us relief?
I can't hope on things that have passed,
So just give me something to fill with...

When I'd try to count all the feelings I lost,
I'd find I forgot even the voice you shared with me
Goodbye, and we'll never, ever meet again;
That's just what feeling I get, that's just what I thought...
The tears come pouring out, there's nothing I can do...

The hole opened up in my chest,
Now it's the only thing that proves you
And yet I'm still so empty;
My heart is torn to ribbons, there's nothing I can do...

When I'd try to count all the simple feelings,
I'd find I forgot even the warmth you shared with me
Goodbye, and we'll never, ever meet again...

In the end, I remembered that little word
Taking my breaths calmly, my eyes opened up...

My eyes opened up... My eyes opened up...
Your name is -