Prophecy '99

In the corner of the classroom lurks a ghost, straining their ears,
Just holding, holding their breath, so they won't be noticed
According to an ancient prophecy, mankind will perish this month;
That's what the shady guy I saw on TV at dinner said...

A ghost in the corner of campus watched the sky behind a building;
The end of a century, a summer afternoon, still nothing to write in my diary today
Give me a giant meteorite impact, an invasion by the King of Terror;
I awaited a great destruction, like resetting a game after getting stuck...

Don't laugh! If tomorrow, and after that, it's going to be the same,
Then let a rain of meteorites come down on this town already!
Oh, 400-year prophecy, destroy these depressing days!
Trembling with excitement on a summer night,
I awaited the footsteps of a lukewarm apocalypse...

A sent but unreceived mayday, a ghost of the summer of '99
Still trapped in that summer still, I wander around the campus
Angolmois and the seven angels have still yet to show,
And that's why, even to this day,
I'm trapped in these worthless thoughts...

In the fateful seventh month, I saw a meteorite hit the campus;
The end of a century, a summer afternoon, commotion heard from a distance
Even if some painful incident happened far over the sea,
So that it won't pain my heart,
Like it wasn't my business, I sought the end of the world,
Expecting something from it...

You don't get it, do you? Tomorrow, this world
Is just going to carry on as always
If I can have one wish, just let it all come to an end today!
Oh, 400-year prophecy, blow these tedious days to bits!
Holding my knees in the corner of the classroom, heart pounding, I waited
For something...

All the predictions in urban legends
Always get the most important bit wrong
And every time, it continues to remind me
About that summer...

You don't get it, do you? Tomorrow, this world
Is just going to carry on as always
If I can have one wish, just let it all come to an end today!
Oh, 400-year prophecy, blow these tedious days to bits!
In the corner of the classroom, behind the building, in my dreams,
Or in front of the TV...

Don't laugh! If tomorrow, and after that, it's going to be the same,
Then I'd rather not have to write in my all-blank diary anymore...
Oh, 400-year prophecy, destroy these depressing days!
Trembling with excitement on a summer night,
I awaited the footsteps of a lukewarm apocalypse...