The Music Wizard of Oz (English)

* Prelude

Underneath this boundless sky,
It's that melody which guides us along...
It connects us across faraway times,
And we always remember it in our hearts...

* One Ordinary Day

Like any ordinary day, I wake up,
Then like any ordinary day, I feed the chickens
Like any ordinary day, I eat burnt toast,
Then like any ordinary day, my aunt nags, my uncle grumbles -
Argh, I've just had enough!

Oh, if only it could be me someday,
I'd love to go on an adventure like in the stories!
With evil witches, and wizards too...
Just thinking about it gives me chills!

Ah, I just want to be whisked away somewhere right now!
By a tornado, or...

* The Witch of the East is Dead!!

I find myself in a land of munchkins,
And hear them making some ruckus...

I... can't believe it! Today, we celebrate!
The Witch of the East... is dead!

No one could stand up to her, that malicious, scary witch;
Even the great hero from the land over got turned into a frog and eaten!
But then here comes a house, flying from out of the blue, and smoosh!
She'll use no magic, not anymore - the Witch of the East is dead!

I was just blown here by a tornado! / Blessed be the wizard of wind!
Where in the world am I? / To our savior, we award:
A journey to have your wish granted!
Just follow that road, the road to the Emerald City,
To the Music Wizard of Oz!

Lost in some fantastic world, my adventure begins...
I'll follow the piano-key road, to go to the Emerald City!

* Stupid Clown

I suddenly come upon a scarecrow who sings:
Oh, everybody's always making fun of me!
If something's weighing on your mind, I'll listen!
What, mind? Boy, the weather's nice today! / ...Eh?

I forget everything in seconds,
A scarecrow without any sense!
That makes me the laughingstock of everyone,
A silly, crazy clown!

It's time for the stupid clown's circus,
Where everybody points and laughs!
Then come with me, and look for wisdom! / Where to?
Just follow that road,
We'll go see the Music Wizard of Oz!

So what's your wish? For a brilliant brain, of course!
Then let's step lightly, on the way to the Emerald City!

* Metallic Heart

We suddenly come upon a tin robot;
Once oiled, she slowly starts to dance... and fire laser beams from her eyes!
Any dance that I was programmed with, I can perform perfectly,
But everyone says the same thing: Your dances have no heart...

Inside my digital cage, I have only the words given to me,
So there's so much I don't understand: "Happy," "Sad," "Fun"...
Then come with us, and look for your heart!
Come see the one who will grant any wish, the wondrous Music Wizard!

Outside my digital cage, there lies a vivid, colorful world;
I want to feel it in my chest, with the metallic heart I seek!
Just follow that road, we'll go see the Music Wizard of Oz!

So what are your wishes? For a brilliant brain, and heart!
Then let's raise our voices, on the way to the Emerald City!

* Vegetarian Twins

Lions! (Eek!) They're looking at us...

Won't you listen now to our sorrowful story?
Though we're lions... though we're lions...
We can't eat meat, that's too scary!

We're out on a hunt again - for cabbage, carrots, broccoli, lettuce and tomato!
While we have these fine fangs, we were born to be vegetarians!
For breakfast: Burdock salad! For lunch: Potato salad!
For dinner: Burgers! Only with tofu, of course!

But all of our friends, they make fun of us over it;
We want to be brave and eat meat, too!

In that case, come with us, and look for courage!
Then I'm sure you'll be able to eat beef, and pork, and chicken!
And then we'll be on the hunt - for yakiniku, shabu-shabu, beefsteak and oyakodon!
Let's set out on a journey, for a new menu! Just follow that road,
We'll go see the Music Wizard of Oz!

So what are your wishes? For a brain, a heart, and courage!
Then let's all go hand in hand, on the way to the Emerald City!

* Emerald Girl

Emerald Girl!
Welcome to my city of dazzling emerald light,
Where everything is radiant emerald!
And yes, with my emerald music,
I can create miracles - Emerald Girl!

Emerald piano, emerald saxophone,
Emerald guitar, emerald drums!
Ah, but if even one is missing, I can't make miracles happen!
If any one is missing - I can be no Wizard...

The melody of my stolen guitar cries out,
The magic from an imperfect miracle...
Please, get it back from the Witch of the West;
Bring my magic guitar!

Alright, then, we'll do it!
We'll bust our brains, be brave, be as strong as we can...
So we can get back your magic guitar,
Let's go to see the Witch of the West!

* Lonely Witch

Music echoes through the fortress in the west, a tune of grief from a lonely guitar...
I'm alone without you; by myself in a concert hall...

Come on, put your hands up! / No one will ever listen...
Listen to my sounds! / This beautiful tone wails...
Listen to my wish! / What's the point of something I can't share with anyone?
Give me some friendship!/ Someone please listen to my sounds...

Well then, you should come with us,
And search for friends! Come see the Music Wizard!
You can't make a miracle all by yourself,
So let's all go together, to the Emerald City!

* Our Music

Now, with the magic guitar, the time has come for our wishes to come true...!

If you just listen closely, can't you hear it?
There's magic hiding within all of you...
The joy that everyone is born with -
Call upon it, now, and you'll find your answer...

We're able to put our thoughts into song,
Because we have wisdom after all...
We're excited when we hum our favorite songs,
Because we have hearts after all...

We're able to sing songs with our loudest voices,
Because we have courage after all...
And when we join voices and share our joy,
That's friendship!

Just the way you are now,
These important things live within you...
It reaches inside, and makes you notice them -
Those are miracles, that is music...

* Dear My Family

Lastly, let me hear your wish -
Tell me your dream just as you dream it...

You know, I've realized...
More than any exciting adventure,
More than any fantastic dream,
There's something I want that's irreplaceable...

I may come to loathe it at times,
But I have only one wish: to see my family...

That song you loved,
The people you love...
They must be humming it somewhere,
So just listen close...

This song I love,
And the people I love...
This song will always tie me to them;
A magic bond...

* Finale

Underneath this boundless sky,
It's that melody which guides us along...
It connects us across faraway times,
And we always remember it in our hearts... The miracle of music...!