Phantom Thief F's Scenario
~Mystery of the Missing Diamond~

A letter that arrived by chance - how Fantastic!!
A preliminary notice from an audacious phantom thief
As the newbie journalist spies the boarding gate,
She runs about in search of the criminal...

Did the auctioneer forget something? When he steps off board -
Just barely on time? The mechanic arrives at her own pace
The police are coming aboard? And that sick-looking businessman...
It seems he got involved with the mafia behind him?

A secret auction aboard a gorgeous passenger ship,
For a legendary diamond that brings happiness
Let the tight web of security be brilliantly disrupted
Onto the Fantastic phantom's show - shall we begin?

(Are you Ready?)

Concealed in extravagant Fakes, the Joker sets into motion
The die of a perfect, unsolved crime is cast
Get all the cards in order, and in the moving Finale,
Let the truth be exposed through my Finder!

The magician's sideshow; does her performance carry an omen?
Is the starting time being slightly pressed?
The police - is she tense with rigorous caution?
Is she glaring at that rowdy mafia?

The politician spills his wine - might he be lacking sleep...?
The doctor beside him says "Have your medicine"...?
The gentle waitress recommends wine with champagne, and...?
The actress asked for whiskey on the rocks?

The star of the night finally debuts
The hall is in uproar over the fascinating sparkle
The net of security has not a single gap;
Ahh, by all means, an impossible crime - shall we begin?

(Are you Ready?)

Eight place their Bids, the hammer dancing
Greed, assets, disgraceful foolishness - a party where all is laid bare?
Suddenly, the lights go out - power outage? In the total darkness,
A gunshot echoed to raise the curtain on the show...

In ten seconds, the power's back - just a random accident?
Where did that gunshot come from...? That wasn't in luggage inspection!
It seems the window glass is broken...? Wide enough for a person...
"Someone's fainted!" Yaaah!
3, 2, 1, Action!

Tending to the fallen politician dyed scarlet is the doctor,
Behind her the actress suddenly drops a glass, cleaned up
By the waitress who in the spur of the moment, sends flapping doves
Fleeing out the cracked window, away from the mourning, distracted magician,
At whom the teasing mafia jeers, under the police's watchful eye,
To which the mechanic holding a report for the breaker trouble comes,
And beside her, the journalist stands on alert for info for a scoop,
With a bullet at her feet - now who shot it, at what, and for what?
Just as someone whispered the question,
The auctioneer's shriek roared to tell the end -

(OH REALLY)

The Diamond of Happiness gone, the hall is chaos
The guards search for the culprit, one person unaccounted for - Say what?!
Broke the window, jumped out on the deck? Dove into the sea?
An eeriely-drifting silk hat...

The suspect and diamond gone, the truth is in darkness
This ends the show of the perfect, unsolved crime
Now, the cards are all in order, so to the moving Finale,
Will you who saw it with a front row seat show the way?