The Trouble of Dripping Wet Sun

A superdreadnought, a fire-breathing monkey, a great trouble awakens from the heavens
The town-called town destroyed, everyone's working feverishly
As I have these dreams, I live worthless days;
Today, there's no doubt arrears piling up and up

On the day Endeavor sets out, the cigarette-smoking angel sings
In the corner of the multi-tenant building, a little yawn seeps out
Currently, I live amid sarcastic fault-finding
What face should I make? I unnaturally try to mimic a laugh...

Carrying the brilliantly shining sun, the weather's nice today
Let's go out and play, commit more mistakes,
Keep going down that narrow path,
And we'll erase the torturously painful days,
And we'll erase the days of torturously painful experiences,
We don't need 'em, throw it all away!
The makeover superstar is doing nonsense between trysts;
The struggling-on Sunny truck is all messed up, so don't come back
Carrying the brilliantly shining sun, boy, what nice weather;
Speak loud - papparapa!

Bottom of the ninth, two outs, bases loaded, so long, at last a home run
Undisputed, not even a peep; be satisfied, they're already cheering
As I have these dreams, I'm eating seedy meals
Tomorrow, there's no doubt I'll be at the nearest station, platform three at 10

Hackney runs past, a crying angel stares at a betting ticket
A midair paper scrap scrapped, today forth gloriously penniless
Let everything become meaningless, walking around sobbing;
Whatever face you make, it's uncouthly, laughably pale...

Carrying every miserable night, the weather's nice today
Say, won't someone search for love with me?
If anyone hears this, won't they respond?
I've had tortuously painful experiences, and it still hurts,
Again and again I've repeated it again;
I don't need 'em, they've all gone away...
The bombed superstar is doing nonsense between trysts;
The fiercely retreating Sunny truck is all messed up, so don't come back
Carrying every miserable night, boy, what nice weather;
Can't even speak -

Carrying the brilliantly shining sun, the weather's nice today
Let's go out and play, commit more mistakes,
Keep going down that narrow path,
And we'll erase the days of torturously painful experiences,
So we'll never see those useless lies ever again;
We don't need 'em, throw it all away!
The makeover superstar is doing nonsense between trysts;
The struggling-on Sunny truck is all messed up, so don't come back
Carrying the brilliantly shining sun, boy, what nice weather;
Speak loud - papparapa!

* NOTE: The Nico link goes to a crossfade of Kenshi Yonezu's YANKEE. The song is currently only available on YANKEE. *