Living Dead Youth

So, eyes still closed, we tired of walking;
Now where to go in these ruins?
Yes, we still can't become adults,
Wandering, and making more mistakes

If these sorts of sadnesses and pains
Can't be sent away anyway,
I can hold them all in my hands,
Have some fun with them, and laugh...

So, still under a curse, we tired of laughing;
Now where to go in this physical world?
I'm short of breath, and my throat won't tremble,
Losing things, and making more hesitation

Denouncing our hatreds in last homeroom;
If we're going to lose anyway,
Then we should be able to run away, weak,
Past a light which will never go out...

Wail, wail, validation of being;
Crying from emotion and despair, we sing
Though past the straying SOS,
We knew there was no salvation...

We just want to live our lives to the fullest,
No need for fate or chance
Let's play - even in the unending night, now we kindle a fire;
That's the song, the song we sing...

So, still laughed at, we tired of wishing;
Now where to go on this narrowing path?
The days are unchangeably heartless, and if we're dimwits,
We're disparaged, and made more hurt

The umpire let a hit by pitch slide;
If we're not playing fair anyway,
I at least want us to be allies,
And if you can't believe me, that's fine, too...

Gush, gush, spirit quickening,
Overlooking want and satisfaction
Inferior bodies at their limits of preservation,
Subjected to a terrible curse...

We just want to live our lives to the fullest,
No need for pride or modesty
I want to forgive - as if it's crawling out from the unerasable past,
That, that's the pain...

Still sleepless from our pain,
We walk and wander aimlessly,
As if we're both living and dying,
That's how we seemed...

We can't love as we want,
If we're to live in this world,
Covered in blood, stuck in a bog,
We make a wish, and we choose to walk again...

Wail, wail, validation of being;
Crying from emotion and despair, we sing
Though past the straying SOS,
We knew there was no salvation...

We just want to live our lives to the fullest,
No need for fate or chance
Let's play - even in the unending night, now we kindle a fire;
That's the song, the song we sing...