The Story After the Petals Fall

The one who raised me was a small little girl,
Though I was nearly eaten by her pet at first
When you sowed me in the ground, you knew I'd bloom into a big flower,
And it made your heart dance...

Being so young, the ground you chose wasn't very well exposed to the sun;
It pained me that I couldn't grow big for you
Still, you watered me heroically, and talked to me too
I was so happy to see your face so close...

The single summer of life given to this sunflower
Was much too short to feel your warmth
Worrying for me as I weakened, your enthused assistance
Was kind of like water torture - but through it, without even having eyes,
I could still weep parting tears for you...

I was so glad that you would cry for me as I wilted,
That I learned a spell to take the same form as you
I wanted to go to you right away, but we lived in different worlds
So I decided to just watch over you in secret...

Any bugs, dogs, or brats who attacked you, once they got a whiff of my special pollen,
Would make faces that clearly told they were moments from death
Once, after I'd used up my pollen, I was surrounded by burly men;
Being small even as a human, it was a little bit worrisome, but...

Sunflowers bloom strongly; keeping my distance with kicks,
I hit them all over with right punches, turning their organs to mush
They'll be eating liquids for a while; I'll feed them some slime!
I was hurt a little bit, but the sound of piano came from your room,
And once I started listening, I forgot all about it...

I wanted to talk to you just once...
So close, yet so far; sometimes it felt so crushing...
But one day, I heard rumors,
About a school that would accept all kinds of species...
There, we could be together...!

I'm sorry, but just once, I'll do something unforgivable;
I'll use my pollen to rewrite your memories and change your first-choice school
Next year, we'll be in the same place, wearing the same uniform
I'm so excited to talk, I've already decided
The first words I'll say to you...